Ruling on Hajj for parents who are unable to perform Hajj
I have the intention to challenge them
but the problem is that they are so great that they can not afford to just travel
as well as performing rituals Hajj from Tawaaf,
Sai 'and throwing Jamar
is it permissible for them to do Hajj, or do I have to do Hajj for them?
My father and mother did not perform Hajj until now
I have an intention to send them for Hajj
but the problem is that they
are so great that they can not afford to just travel
as well as performing rituals Hajj from Tawaaf, Sai 'and throwing Jamar
is it permissible for them to do Hajj,
or do I have to do Hajj for them?
Do they advise me that Allaah rewarded you with good?
It is permissible for you to perform Hajj for each one alone, starting with the mother and then the father. This is the best
the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) was asked. Abu Ruzin al-Aqili asked him,
O Messenger of Allaah!" My father is a great sheikh who can not perform Hajj or Hajj
and I do not have the right to do Hajj and 'Umrah
The Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) said: "Do Hajj on behalf of your father and 'Umrah
If you see that someone else is better than you for his knowledge and his preference
and agreed with him that he should do Hajj for them, that is fine. Yeah.